My name is Nikhil Bola Kamath. I am 25 years old. I was born on the 29th of September, 1998. I am from India and currently living in the United States. To be specific, I am in Redwood City, California. I dwell in the world of Artificial intelligence. The software aspects of autonomous vehicles and robotics have always piqued my interest.

Currently, I am on F1 OPT (once I get my EAD card). I will be needing H1B sponsorship. My ethnicity - Asian.

In the realm of technology, I blend creativity with cutting-edge expertise, driven by a passion to mold the future of AI. I excel in crafting advanced ML models using frameworks like PyTorch and TensorFlow. I have experience designing and optimizing ML end-to-end pipelines across various platforms, including GCP and Azure ML, and enhancing software delivery through robust MLOps practices.

I have nearly six years of total experience coding vastly in AI. I have worked for almost two years as a Machine Learning Engineer at Insureka. Before this, I was also the CTO of a startup called BhavamAI. Upon coming to the United States, I worked as a research assistant throughout my Masters program for two years. I also interned at DragonfruitAI for an entire semester. The bottom line is that I have a total work experience of two-plus years and a total experience of almost six years in the Computer Science domain. Therefore, I have worked as a CTO, Software Development Engineer (SDE), ML Engineer, and research assistant.

My technical interests include Artificial Intelligence (Machine Learning, Deep Learning, Reinforcement Learning), Autonomous Vehicles, and Robotics.

Currently, I am working with a Professor at the University of Southern California in the AutoDrive Lab, developing algorithms for tracking objects in occluded scenarios.

As an ML Engineer with nearly two years of experience, I aim to transform my unique ideologies into tangible products. Throughout my journey, I have successfully built various ML pipelines, mastered MLOps and DevOps practices, and created web and mobile applications to enrich my skill set. With a vast array of frameworks and tools in my repertoire, including PyTorch, PyTorch Lightning, TensorFlow, Keras, Docker, Kubernetes, Git, Django, Flask, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, NodeJS, React, Swift, and Flutter, I am well-equipped to tackle diverse challenges. My proficiency extends to cloud platforms like GCP, AWS, and Azure, enabling seamless integration of cutting-edge technologies. I take pride in my track record of delivering end-to-end machine learning pipelines and producing exceptional quality and maintainability code. Collaboration is my forte, and I am dedicated to crafting code that is accessible and user-friendly for my colleagues.

So why hire me? As I continue to evolve in this dynamic field, I seek opportunities that challenge my technical abilities and allow me to contribute to impactful projects. In addition to my technical skills,  I have verifiable evidence showcasing my soft skills, such as leadership, communication, collaboration, adaptability, creativity, problem-solving, analytical and critical thinking, flexibility, and more. There are many reasons why you might want to hire me and how I can significantly contribute to your revenue generation. Let's connect to explore potential collaborations or let you know if you're interested in learning more about my work and how we can drive technology forward together.

In addition to the technical face of mine, I am a nature lover. I love to go on hikes. Yet another goal is to complete the United States National Park Journal by collecting stamps and visiting the national parks. If you are interested and want a companion, I am always here, you know :p. We can always meet and plan trips. Star gazing, driving, camp-fire, backpacking, long drives, oh my god! I am already super excited. I am also into recreational activities such as gyming, swimming, and playing badminton.

You can find more about me on Linkedin - https://www.linkedin.com/in/nikhilkamathb/ and on GitHub - https://github.com/NikhilKamathB/