Well, my education timeline is as follows.

I did my schooling, till 10th, in Bangalore, India. I finished 10th in the year 2014.

Later, I moved to Mangalore, India, at the Canara pre-university college for my 11th and 12th. In my 12th board, I secured 95.7% and stood amongst a few elite students.

I specialized in physics, chemistry, math, and electronics during this period.

I was in Canara pre-university college between 2014 and 2016, both inclusive.

I have a Bachelor's degree in Engineering (Computer Science) from Nitte Mahalinga Adyanthaya Memorial Institute of Technology.

After my 12th, I planned to pursue a Bachelor's degree in Engineering, Computer Science being my major.

The reason for taking this step is that since childhood, I have been fascinated by vehicles, especially flying objects.

I used to hurtle at the window whenever I heard the sound of an airplane, thinking that it passed with some mystical powers possessed by humans, just like the characters of Indian mythology.

When I learned the truth behind the flying arena, it shook my verity about the mystical flight.

With time, my zeal to convert this fantasy into reality became the primary motivation to take up engineering. That is when I was introduced to Artificial Intelligence.

Upon realizing its infinite potential for innovation, I chose to excel in this domain to establish Autonomy in flights, and this led me to pursue a bachelor's degree in engineering.

I started my Bachelor's program in 2016 at Nitte Mahalinga Adyanthaya Memorial Institute of Technology, Nitte, India.

My undergraduate voyage involved rigorous coursework in Data structures and Algorithms, Business Intelligence, Database Management, and Engineering Mathematics. However, primarily AI and Cryptography won my heart.

Alongside, I had also enrolled in online courses such as Machine learning, Deep Learning specializations, and the NLP specialization offered by DeepLearning.ai and the Deep Learning Nanodegree program by Udacity, which instilled in me a robust academic foundation and introduced me to various tech stacks.

I completed my undergraduate in the year 2020 with a GPA of 4.0.

I currently pursuing my Master's Degree in Computer Science at the University of Southern California, Los Angeles, California.

I started this program in the year 2022.

As an active learner, I needed to pursue higher-level education to improve my knowledge base and networking.

My pursuit of a Master's in Computer Science is also driven by my goals of establishing complete Autonomy in vehicles and a startup whose motto would be to develop products in Autonomy and Cognitive Sciences.

Ultimately, I aim to have a working concept ready for autonomous flights and set up a startup in this domain.

This graduate program would bolster my knowledge, make me a better professional and researcher, and motivate me to contribute to various open-source communities and technology infrastructures. 

The world-class curriculum focused on AI and robotics and the phenomenal pedagogy and abundant research opportunities at the University of Southern California made this program the ideal next step for my career.

Prof. Aram Galstyan's contributions to the coordination of robotic swarms and multi-agent system learning, Prof. Ram Nevatia's work on Computer Vision, and Prof. Sven Koenig's research on Automated Planning and Scheduling convinced me that I would be under the mentorship of experienced and able faculty whose insights will benefit me greatly.

Of course, I was also motivated by other faculty members in the Computer Science Department, particularly from the AI, Data Science, and Intelligent Robotics streams.

My desired track includes courses such as Analysis of Algorithms, ML and DL, Mathematics of High-Dimensional Data, Advanced Computer Vision, Robotics, Large-Scale Optimization for ML, and Applied NLP.

My interaction with alumni via social media like LinkedIn asserted that this program suited me most.

Therefore, I landed at USC to pursue my master's in computer science in the year 2022.

As of 2023, I have taken courses such as Machine Learning, Algorithms, Web technologies, Foundations of Artificial Intelligence, RDBMS, and Applied Natural Language Processing with a GPA of 3.75.