Projects are something that, as a developer, I scrutinize/evaluate myself on. I have worked on several projects. Here are a few significant and ongoing projects that I am proud of.

"Self-Driving Car": I started this project motivated by my childhood dreams and zeal for autonomous vehicles. This work aims to develop efficient decision-making techniques for self-driving cars using various onboard sensors and AI with a centralized-decentralized communication architecture, enabling knowledge sharing and faster learning among multiple ego vehicles in the environment. The objective is to achieve level 5 autonomy. The first version of this project entails designing and implementing a level three autonomous vehicle in the Carla Simulator. In addition to addressing typical driving conditions, it encompasses various tasks and scenarios such as enforcing lane stability, executing overtaking maneuvers, handling roadblocks, and navigating during jaywalking instances (includes the concepts of deep learning, image processing, estimation of state and localization, motion planning, etc.). The project also presents effective methodologies for managing sensor failures and introduces the innovative concept of knowledge sharing. Here is the output of the designed agent in the Carla environment - https://drive.google.com/file/d/1IXyGhBM2OLqZS4HTRtfFpyoeYW-f11aI/view?usp=share_link

The current "Self-Driving Car" iteration aims to harness additional onboard sensors like LIDAR, RADARS, and SONARs to enhance localization, self-awareness, and maneuverability, basically the perception and the motion planning stack. Furthermore, it will showcase how inputs (experience) from other dynamic players in the environment can significantly improve planning and decision-making, expediting the learning process via imitation learning. The project will also encompass designing dynamic models for predicting the movement of objects in motion and accommodating various weather conditions. The objective is to develop an autonomous vehicle that is almost level five. Here is the Github repo - https://github.com/NikhilKamathB/SDC

The "OCR" (Optical Character Recognition) aims to develop an end-to-end OCR pipeline and host the service online. As a part of this work, I devised a comprehensive end-to-end module that addresses text detection (utilizing CRAFT), text recognition (using ViTs), and information extraction (leveraging GCNs) tasks. I also annotated receipts from online platforms and physical copies to create a tailored dataset for text detection, recognition, and information extraction. You can find more information on GitHub here - https://github.com/NikhilKamathB/OCR

"Code-Mixed Machine Translation" is another project aimed at designing an end-to-end pipeline to translate a multilingual code-mixed text into English without explicit language detection. As a part of this work, I implemented an end-to-end machine translation pipeline using the LLMs (BART) to translate multilingual, code-mixed languages into English by developing a custom tokenizer and fine-tuning the BART model, achieving results comparable to GPT-4 in terms of SacreBLEU, ChrF, and BERTscore metrics. Github - https://github.com/NikhilKamathB/Code-Mixed-Machine-Translation

"SimPan" aims to develop a scalable cross-environment no-code platform for end-to-end work using AI. SimPan is a cutting-edge no-code platform that transforms how users build and manage end-to-end pipelines, including machine learning workflows, task orchestration, and comprehensive services. By eliminating the need for traditional coding, SimPan provides a highly intuitive user interface that allows even non-technical users to create complex systems easily. This innovative tool abstracts underlying coding complexities, significantly speeding up the development cycle and making it more efficient and accessible to a broader audience. SimPan is ideal for professionals looking to streamline their operations and enhance productivity without delving into the intricacies of code. Keep an eye out for further updates as SimPan continues to evolve and expand its capabilities. Github - https://github.com/NikhilKamathB/SimPan

These are some of my ongoing projects. All these projects are updated regularly. Watch my GitHub Profile if you want to learn about the changes. A couple of other projects are on their way. The goal is to have applications/software ready to help us solve our daily problems and make our lives easier.