I stepped into the professional work life in the year 2020. During my undergraduate studies, I started as a CTO of a startup, BhavamAI (almost two years). This organization's primary objective/goal was to deliver AI-based solutions to healthcare. Immediately upon graduation, I got into Insureka and started working as a Machine Learning Engineer.

As part of the Insureka team (almost two years), where I used to work previously, I worked on building a private annotation website tool within the organization, providing essential key points annotation support for precise pose estimation of vehicles. I also successfully led the development of the optical character recognition (OCR) model using diverse deep learning techniques to effectively detect and recognize various entities on critical Indonesian government documents, such as KTP, STNK, and SIM. I was also involved in implementing a seamless end-to-end pipeline for the various ML tasks, supporting crucial stages such as data injection, data cleaning and preprocessing, model training and evaluation, testing, and efficient model deployment (MLOps) on cloud platforms such as GCP and Azure coupled with GIT CI/CD pipeline. I rigorously worked on designing pose estimation models for vehicles, enabling augmented reality-guided video capture to automate the "claim" process within the insurance company, streamlining operations effectively. Here, I gained significant experience with docker and Kubernetes as well. I skillfully containerized and deployed applications, including ML applications and other functionalities implemented as APIs, on cloud platforms like Azure and AWS, enabling smooth collaboration between teams within and outside the organization. Additionally, I actively contributed to further enhancing the development and deployment process by creating automated scripts for web application deployment on remote computers. Just a side note: before this role, my team was an integral part of Someshwara Technologies, where we successfully built web applications, data analytics dashboards, and APIs for prestigious organizations such as the State Bank of India, Virtual exhibitions, and Well Women Of Colors. Throughout this period, I gained significantly valuable experience, which is challenging to get in the Software market.

During my Master's, I worked as a research assistant in the Robotics Embedded Systems Laboratory. Here, I designed and implemented adversarial target tracking algorithms in C++ and ROS to manipulate object behavior, compelling them into desired states while they respond to tracking robots and seek cover. I also developed homogeneous multi-robot task assignment algorithms to achieve an almost optimal allocation of robots for various tasks within the environment.

I have also worked with USC's Insititute of Creative Technologies (ICT) and the AutoDrive Lab. As a part of the ICT team, I worked on solving the problem of dynamic occlusion in real-time rendered 3D scenes and optimizing trackers for these objects. In the AutoDrive Lab, I am developing behavioral models for dynamic objects in the scene, primarily using vision to enhance the trajectory planning for the ego vehicle. The main aim is to handle long-term occluded objects in the temporal space and model their behavior. I worked in these labs throughout my Master's and am currently with the AutoDrive Lab.

I have also interned at Dragonfruit AI as a software engineer (5 months). Here, I implemented visualization tools in Python to better analyze tracked objects from multiple viewpoints, improving customer engagement, and led the design and development of APIs for an internal review application using Flask, vector stores, Elastic Search, and PostgreSQL, which significantly reduced annotation process time for a critical video analytics use case within the company.

So far in my career, I have worked and gained experience in the following tech space - programming languages such as Python, Dart, Java, C, C++, SQL, Javascript, Swift, HTML, and CSS. Frameworks and tools including but not restricted to PyTorch, PyTorch Lightning, TensorFlow, Keras, JAX, Scikit-learn, Docker, Kubernetes, Git, Django, Flask, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, NodeJS, React, Flutter, GCP, AWS, Azure, MLOps/DevOps, LLMs, HuggingFace, LangChain. Throughout my career, I have predominantly worked in the AI space - specifically in Computer Vision and NLP.